Update firmware.md (#119)
RfidResearchGroup/ChameleonUltra: docs/firmware.md

The device enters sleep mode after about 5s unless it is plugged in USB or if a client is connected over BLE. You can use the buttons to wake it up again. You can also press quickly a button during the sleep animation to keep the device awake.

## Write Modes

> - Normal: Behaves like any norml card

Reviewer: norml? not normal?

Author: normal, normal

> ## Write Modes
> - Normal: Behaves like any normal card
> - Decline: Read only card
> - Decive: Accept write commands but dont change any data (reader thinks write was sucesful but when reading nothing changed)
> - Shadow: Accept writes but revert when device goes to sleep (reader can read and write like a normal card but it reverts when the chameleon goes to sleep) 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Write Modes
- **Normal**: Behaves like any normal card
- **Denied**: Read-only card, send NACK to write attempts
- **Deceive**: Accepts write commands but don't change any data (reader thinks write was successful but when reading back, nothing changed)
- **Shadow**: Accepts writes but reverts changes when device goes to sleep (reader can read and write like a normal card but changes are kept in RAM and are lost when the chameleon goes to sleep) 
```
